# Annotation Details

## FirebaseCollection()
Annotate a class with `@FirebaseCollection()`. 

If no parameter is provided, then the class name is taken as the Collection name.

If a parameter (of type string) is provided, then the parameter value is taken as Collection Name
For e.g. 
```
@FirebaseCollection('StudentCollection')
class Student{

}
```
In this case the firebase collection is created with name: `StudentCollection`

## DocumentKey()
Annotate a property with `@DocumentKey()`

This property is used as the key of the document. Specify the key type with one of the following values:

- **User defined Key**: The key is defined by the user.
- **Auto Generated Key**: The key is automatically generated by Firebase
- **Auto Incremented Key**: An auto incrementing key is generated by Firebase

Read more about [document keys](./document_keys.md).

## DocumentField
Annotate a property with `@DocumentField`

If any property is **NOT** annotated with this annotation, this field will **NOT** be saved in the document. 
This gives users the flexibility to skip some fields which are not to be saved in documents.

## StorageFile
Annotate a property with `@StorageFile`

Properties annotated like this will be considered as storage file. They will be uploaded into the Storage bucket. 
The fields should be of type: `jugnu.Types.StorageFile`

The type definition is as follows: 
```
interface StorageFile{
    name: String,       // Name of file
    uri: String         // The file path
}
```

## DocumentArrayField
If there is an array of other entities, then declare it using the `DocumentArrayField`. 
Pass the entity name to the decorator so that the framework can understand the underlying entity object and its annotations.
```
@DocumentArrayField(InvoicePayment)
payments: InvoicePayment[];
```

## AutoIncrement
Annotate a property with `@AutoIncrement`

Properties annotated like this will be auto incremented at the time of create. Jugnu will create a collection to keep a track of current counter and will incremente the value automatically.

## SystemAdminData
Annotate a property with `@SystemAdminData`

Only one property can be annotated with this. The property should be of type `jugnu.Types.SystemAdminData`. 
The type definition is as follows: 
```
interface SystemAdminData{
    createdBy?: any,
    createdAt?: Date,
    changedBy?: any,
    changedAt?: Date
}
```

If any property is annotated like this, Jugnu will set the values automatically at the time of creation.